Well, welcome to our vlog on a vlog.
Kevin, it's great to be with you.
It's getting to be almost routine now for
us to do this.
This was a thing that we imagined just
a matter of a couple of months ago
that since everyone loves vlogs,
that's what you would typically do.
If you're going to YouTube,
you'll see a long form vlog.
Somebody
Doing what we're doing here,
just chatting away with people on various
subjects.
We're going to cover items in the news
today.
And then there's, of course, the blog,
which is what made Facebook and X popular
with pictures and posts and a little copy
and somebody presenting their point of
view.
We decided we would blend them together.
And we are calling it the Vlog on
a Blog.
I don't recall seeing Wookie do the
introduction of this show.
Did I miss Wookie and we have the
wrong intro?
Maybe.
Kara noticed.
She piped up and she noticed.
She did.
We have a special intro to this.
Maybe we can play it as the outro
of the show or maybe even play it
during the show as a quick comic break.
Wookie does a fine job of introducing
this.
The first image there is of Orange Man.
I call him the Copper Con.
He is the one that is described at
great length in the book of Ezekiel,
which is not a prophetic book of God,
but instead the autobiography of Satan.
Something I prove, if you don't agree,
you can read the
the last two volumes of the series called
Babel.
It's free at YadaYah.com.
Even Wookie is going over there and
saying, oh,
there's something wrong with that map.
He just said,
He just announced today something that I
don't even think Satan would be so
egotistical to say.
I don't need international law.
I don't need anybody's approval.
I'm only limited by my mind.
Only my mind can stop me.
And he went on and on.
I mean,
this was just a discussion with the New
York Times, I believe.
And he just...
Laid it all out and said, you know,
the world is me, myself, and I.
I don't really give a crap about anybody
else.
And I'll do whatever I want to do.
If I want to invade Greenland,
I'll invade Greenland.
If I want to kill some Ruskies with
some Tomahawks, well, we'll do that.
If I want to invade a neighboring country
like Venezuela and steal their oil and
then kidnap the head of state, well,
why not?
I'll do that, too.
You know, there's nothing I can't do.
If I want to make resorts in Gaza,
well, we'll do that.
You know, it's...
if I don't want the Epstein files
released, we'll make a joke out of it.
We'll, uh,
we'll release one percent of them and see
if that appeases the, uh, the people.
The guy is just absolutely, well,
he's lost.
And what,
the reason we're starting with this one is
that, uh, Kevin,
I bet it's about Ben Mao, um, well,
a year ago,
a little over a year ago now, um,
It would be a year ago in November
of last year that I came to the
conclusion that you're looking at the
person that Christians view as the
Antichrist.
And it's only somebody of that ilk that
would make this kind of a statement that
would present himself as king of kings.
This isn't just I am dictator and dear
Fuhrer of the United States.
This is I can do whatever I damn
well please.
The world is mine, yeah.
The world is mine.
The U.S.
military is my tool to use to achieve
whatever I want because in the military,
they don't get a choice.
They have to obey what I ordered them
to do.
That's why ISIS now become his own police,
personal police department,
very much like the SS,
not before the SS,
actually the brown shirts of Nazi Germany.
So this is...
a realization as I had analyzed from the
prophets,
and they're exceedingly clear on this
issue, that it is at this time,
this very moment in time,
that an American president,
they give some seventy different
attributes of the country that is going to
spawn this man,
and it's clearly the United States,
will be this sufficiently sexually
perverted
egomaniacal, a warmonger,
and that he will be so out of
control that he will bring down the world
and that he is the man that is
actually possessed not just by a demon,
but this is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan himself.
And I don't think there has been anyone
since the Caesars who would have made this
kind of a statement.
Hitler didn't make it.
Mao Zedong didn't make it.
Stalin didn't make it.
You have to go all the way back
to the Caesars to find a man this
egomaniacal.
And with the kind of reach that he
has, because Stalin was in Russia,
you know, I mean,
so he wasn't like reaching out into
Britain or the United States or South
America or anywhere, you know, I mean,
militarily anyway.
Well,
you wouldn't say that if you're living in
Romania or East Germany.
Sure.
or Czechoslovakia or Yugoslavia or any of
those nations,
but he did limit his carnage to his
own people and neighboring countries.
Yeah,
but the Caesars thought the world was
theirs.
I mean,
anything we decree anywhere in the world,
and then, like you said,
to declare themselves gods, you know,
I mean, we're one step away.
We know when it's going to happen.
We know where he shows up and does
that, so...
Hitler wanted to be the lead Aryan.
He really didn't want to be king of
the world.
He just wanted Aryans to rule the world.
So, you know,
he's close to this kind of maniacal.
There's so many traits in common, though,
with Aryans.
Adolf Hitler and with Donald Trump.
He's clearly pursuing what I would call
the Fourth Reich.
As Hitler pursued the Third Reich,
it's always convoluted as to which Reichs
he's talking about.
But it's clearly, in my view,
that the Holy, it's the Roman Catholic,
excuse me,
Imperial Rome is the First Reich.
And he is
embodying their symbols for everything
from the arc of Trump that he wants
to put in the Capitol to now the
rostrum that he likes to stand behind is
the Achilla, the eagle of Rome.
And he speaks very much like a Roman
emperor, like, okay, there's a Senate,
but
They don't really interest me very much.
And so it's very clear.
And he has his goggles.
And Stephen Miller,
he has his brown shirts,
personal military, which is now ICE.
He has virtually everything that he needs
in terms of also
Elbow room, is it, what Hitler called it.
We need a little elbow room.
So we're going to go over here and
we'll take Greenland.
We'll take Venezuela.
Yeah, maybe we'll take Cuba.
We'll take Panama.
Cuba's next.
We'll make Canada our hat.
Why not?
So it's the Lebensraum, I think,
is what Hitler called it,
but it was elbow room.
It's very similar,
the path that he is taking,
and he's going to lead the world to
world war at just time.
The
The toys are much more lethal.
So rather than fifty five million people
dying,
it's going to be like five point five
billion people or more that are going to
die.
But that is what you're what you're up
against here.
If you don't realize that you think I'm
being over the top, then, well,
why don't we talk here in about another
two or three years and you tell me
what you what you think at that point?
Six months.
The way it's going,
it could be six months.
And clearly he is as sexually perverted as
was Hitler as well.
So anyway,
I will tell you that the bottom line
is we don't stand up against him.
And if enough people don't stand up
against him, and it can't be just all...
progressives and Democrats because they
don't have any credibility anymore.
Nobody wants to rally around them.
They became too extreme the other way.
But it's got to be people like ourselves
who are fundamentally conservatives,
who are still value driven,
who believe in evidence and reason,
who have studied history and have a strong
voice.
as advocates of free enterprise and
freedom and freedom of speech and of all
things just and moral say, no,
this man must be stopped.
If you do not stop him,
then you're going to endure far worse than
Europe endured under Hitler.
Yeah,
the only thing I can add is I'm
surprised that,
you remember the Hitler Youth programs and
everything?
I thought that he was going to try
to fold Turning Point USA into a Hitler
Youth style program with the college
outreach and everything that they were
attempting to do with that.
I mean,
because they're talking about how TPUSA
has turned into this massive Christian
recruiting organization, you know,
after what happened to Charlie Kirk,
that I really expected them to,
Maybe when the weather warms up and they
get back out on college campuses that
they'll start really pushing that Hitler
youth style agenda to start with the
younger minds.
I think you're onto something,
but just missed it ever so slightly.
When Charlie Kirk was around,
Charlie Kirk was an influencer for
Christianity and for MAGA.
The reason I was disgusted by him and
his life and thought he was
counterproductive is he was advocating for
this man who is a known rapist and
pedophile and ego-maniacal thief.
And so to be advocating for him,
he always...
Hawking, MAGA hats and Trump.
So he was,
he created an organization that was
specifically founded to be a Hitler youth
camp, but for Trump.
So that was his agenda.
And his widow doesn't seem to be any
different.
I mean, his widow,
brought Trump and Goebbels, Miller,
and the anti-Semite of the year,
Carlson Tucker, to speak at the funeral.
So you can't tell me that they aren't
actually doing that,
that this is a recruitment arm for Trump
youth.
because I think it is.
The difference here is, though,
that we don't have much time.
Hitler didn't have a lot of time either,
but Hitler had more time than Trump's
going to have.
It's all going to be over in seven
and a half years,
so he doesn't have time really to raise
a youth militia beneath him.
But he has got lots of people that
are rallying to his cause.
Nick Fuentes would be a great example with
the
the m cells and the the gophers and
the gropers and the like uh he in
fact he's even now to the point where
he says you know that Candace Owens and
Carlson tucker are way over the top and
when a white supremacist Nazi loving
anti-semite says you're over the top you
probably are yeah it's
What do we have next on the hit
parade there?
Oh, yeah, this is my new pet peeve.
You know, when we started in social media,
it was a year ago at this time.
Prior to that time,
I had never posted a single word in
social media.
But I began at, yeah, it was instructions.
I have made a habit over the last
twenty four years.
If he says we're going to do this,
I want you to do that.
Say, OK, sir.
OK.
Happy to comply.
I don't know where it's gonna lead,
but we'll do the best we can.
And it always turns out interesting and
well.
And so he asked me to go into
social media and that's what we've been
doing.
So here, yeah,
the first ever blog on a blog.
So that's fairly an interesting,
Variation of this.
The reason I'm holding this up is that
this is a man dressed in black.
He's obviously being depicted as a Muslim.
It's got radical crossed off because what
he is doing is actually acting as a.
a traditional good Muslim by the Quran's
definition.
The Quran is very clear in the eighth
chapter.
In fact,
every one of the surahs that were
delivered in Yathrib, today is Medina,
which was a place where genocide was
perpetrated against Jews.
All the Jews in Yathrib,
there were some thirty thousand of them
when Muhammad came in with a handful of
followers.
He robbed them all, robbed, raped,
enslaved, or murdered all of them.
It was apartheid and then total genocide.
And that's just the history.
It's undeniable.
You can read the hadith.
You can read the Quran.
Allah cops a plea and says, yep,
we did it.
We terrorized them.
We killed them.
I helped you kill them.
In fact,
it was me who really killed them.
And so it is what it is.
Islam,
the first official decree that starts the
Islamic era, was not in Kabbalah,
which is actually Petra, not Tameka.
And that pledge was we pledged a wage
war against all mankind.
And that's year one of the Islamic era.
This is not disputable.
It is absolute fact.
And Islam since that time has been an
indiscriminate killing machine.
That is also a fact.
The first
Somewhere between one hundred and fifty
and two hundred and fifty million people
were were enslaved, raped,
plundered and murdered.
It was over one third of the Earth's
population at the time.
And this is a fact of history.
And so I have this propensity to speak
honestly about the religion because I know
how horrendous it has been and how badly
the Koran is written and how vicious
Muslims have been.
October seventh is a great example.
Nine eleven is another example of this.
And so
I know more about this religion than
anybody alive.
And that is because I have written now,
I have four thousand two hundred pages of
analysis.
Here is, this would be volume, what,
three of five.
They're all eight hundred and twenty five
pages long.
And in each of these volumes,
what I do is I'm the first ever
to reorder the Quran chronologically.
and set it into the context of Muhammad's
life using the earliest and most credible
Hadith sources,
particularly Ishaq and Tabati,
such that the Quran can be understood.
Now it has context, now it has chronology,
and the two sources are brought together
as one.
And there really is no difference between
Hadith and Quran in that exactly the same
people
said it, recited it initially,
and the same people passed it on mouth
to ear over the first century in the
same place,
the exact same people did them.
And it is the same cast of characters.
There is really no difference between the
two.
Muslim might complain that there are,
but Islam is not a religion,
can't even be practiced as a religion
without the hadith.
And the Qur'an cannot be understood
And to say anything else is to lie,
is to be ignorant of these things.
So after doing this and having presented
five translations of the Qur'an,
including my own,
and setting into the context of the Hadith
and Sunnah, the oldest credible sources,
I have come to present Islam as it
is, exactly who Muhammad was,
how he conceived Allah, who Allah is,
and what their agenda is.
Allah who?
Allah he?
Which one?
Allah ha, Allah he, Allah who?
There's three different names for Allah in
the Quran that are for him and for
her,
which is what it really means in Arabic.
That's why Allahu Akbar ,
that's the way it's presented throughout
the Quran.
It's Allah ha, Allah he, Allah who?
And then, of course,
there's Ar-Rahman and then Ar-Rahim,
which are the Hebrew names.
that were used so that the rabbis didn't
have to say Yahowah's name in Yemen.
And it was in Yemen that they picked
up that the initial poetry of the Quran
comes from these Jewish converts,
Arab converts to Judaism in Yemen.
And our Rahim is just the name they
use to describe their God.
And there's entire...
chapters of the Quran to Arakman,
for example.
And again,
it's the name and it's celebrated as the
name of God.
And so there is about six or seven,
eight names for God in the Quran.
Allah is not the Arabic word for God.
It is one of the names of the
Quranic God.
And so I've come to know this.
I know it better than anybody.
And yet what, and it's deadly.
And what it's doing is exceedingly
caustic.
And it's the most,
the worst victims of Islam are Muslims.
Muslims kill more Muslims than they do
non-Muslims.
And so I try to educate people about
Islam because I know it better than
anybody else alive.
Having written these books,
I wrote Prophet of Doom,
but
Twenty three years ago,
I met with Al Qaeda, Hamas, Hezbollah,
Alaska Martyrs Brigade.
Twenty four years ago,
probably the only person that's met with
those organizations and survived the
experience.
And in that process,
I learned a lot and I have shared
it openly.
I've done ten thousand radio interviews on
this subject in my own name.
I've received thousands of death threats.
I know this subject like the back of
my hand.
And yet when I share the truth about
Islam now on Facebook,
There's independent fact checkers that say
it's not true.
And Facebook gives you no opportunity to
plead your case or to debate them or
to prove otherwise.
And it has become obnoxious at Facebook.
Facebook has absolutely lost its way.
It has gone back to it is far
worse than it was this time last year
when Mark Zuckerberg says,
I'm firing the thought police.
Well,
he might have fired his own thought
police,
but he engaged a third party cadre of
fact police.
and they are absolutely wrong and they're
destroying Facebook.
I don't know what it's going to take
to get Facebook's attention,
but if they don't get their act together
and resolve this problem,
it's going to be nothing but a little
gossip corner and they're going to have
little women talking to old women because
they can't attract anybody young,
just gossiping among themselves because
the truth is not going to be told
here.
It's a real shame because Islam has not
changed,
in the fourteenth centuries.
And if you don't tell the truth about
it, it's very much like Donald Trump.
If you don't confront him with the truth,
then bad things are going to happen.
The same thing is true here.
Yeah,
I think the most poignant part about this
is the radical.
Forever, even back in George Bush time,
it was, you know,
we can work with Muslims,
just not radical Islam.
It's always been war against terrorism and
radical.
whole it's just Islam straight forward the
quran defines a Muslim as somebody who
engages in jihad and Allah says there's
only two types of Muslims the a Muslim
who has died killing for me and a
Muslim who will die killing for me that's
directly from Allah
And since Allah defines what a Quran is
in the Quran,
you don't have your own opportunity to
say, well, I want a different definition.
That is the definition of a Muslim.
A Muslim is a jihadist.
All good Muslims are jihadists.
And then Allah says,
if you're not willing to fight jihad for
me,
if you're not willing to go out and
kill people for me,
you cease to be a Muslim.
And then his orders are to the good
Muslims who are the jihadists.
You must kill that peaceful Muslim so that
I can torture them forever in hell.
So that is the definition of Islam.
That's the definition of a Muslim.
I mean, Allah makes it.
It's irrefutable in the Quran.
I don't care what your thought police want
to claim otherwise.
Those are the facts,
and the facts are not in dispute in
this case.
The other thing that's interesting is if
you look at this,
I can criticize the Christian cross there
and say, you know,
there was never a Jesus.
And I prove it.
And I've written five books to prove that
Jesus never existed and that the Christian
New Testament is absolute rubbish,
that it really is conceived by Paul and
that Paul admitted he was demon possessed.
And it's obvious.
And I can criticize Judaism, which I do.
I've written three books.
In fact, if you don't know the truth,
all thirty five books actually criticize
Judaism.
Yeah.
So I use their words against them and
I can prove that Judaism is the single
greatest impediment to the Jewish people.
I routinely.
I accuse Marxists.
You see that sign on the far left.
I'm an expert on the subject.
I have been around the world in a
hundred and seventy countries.
I know this world.
I spent a lot of time in the
Soviet Union.
It was the Soviet Union.
Red China went back.
It was the first Westerner allowed into
which Red China built factories in China
and the first enterprise zones.
I know enterprise.
I've taken two companies public.
I know this subject.
I know that fascism, for example,
and socialism are exactly the same beast,
just different names for the same beast.
And I know why communism and collectivism
doesn't work.
I speak out.
very strongly about progressive politics
and Marxism and socialism and communism i
can do that on Facebook I can criticize
Christianity and I've got all little
Christians they just want to call me the
devil for doing it right pretty amazing
you tell people the truth and you try
to save them from a lie and you're
the devil uh and uh you know we're
It doesn't take much to mock Judaism.
All you have to do is play one
of their own videos and it's pretty
obvious that you're lost in space.
And so all of these things you can
talk about, but guess what?
You can't talk about one of them, Islam.
And because you can't talk about Islam,
somebody is a complete and utter
hypocrite.
Mr. Zuckerberg, get your act together.
You have lost control of Facebook.
It's wrong.
Stop it.
Fix it.
Don't let Facebook become X.
X is a swamp.
You're a better man than that.
Oh, this is exactly as I had predicted.
Trump is lashing out of the world.
You don't see Trump's picture there,
but you can't understand this picture
unless you understand Trump.
What happened is that Saudi Arabia, MBS,
who is a psychopath,
and what he announced is that no Israeli,
no Jews will be ever allowed into Saudi
Arabia.
So there's no normalization here.
No Jews will ever be allowed in Saudi
Arabia.
He is doubling down.
Now,
the fact of the matter is he happens
to be Jewish.
The entire royal family of Saudi Arabia is
Jewish,
as is the royal family of Jordan and
a number of other Islamic countries.
They are Jewish.
Muhammad was ethnically Jewish.
A lot of self-loathing Jews.
All you have to do today is look
as far as...
of the senator was in new Hampshire Bernie
sanders that self-loathing uh Jew lots of
them uh soros is a self-loathing Jew uh
he um is in a very interesting position
he is quasi bricks what I mean by
quasi bricks is that he is now um
structuring his uh capital holdings apart
from dollars
in gold and silver and other commodities.
He is now selling oil to his largest
customer in Wuhan, bypassing the dollar.
And he goes to,
he has representatives that go to all the
BRICS meetings and he takes,
we just lost the feed there.
It's Kevin's feed.
Yeah.
He goes to all of the BRICS meetings
and talks regularly with the
representatives
the Indians, the Russians,
as well as the Chinese.
And they have decided that they're moving
away from the petrodollar.
This is the reason that Trump invaded
Venezuela.
He would not have invaded Venezuela had it
not been for trying to salvage the
petrodollar.
It's not going to work for him,
but that is the reason he did so.
He's petrified now.
It's the reason he is threatening India.
It's the reason why the U.S.
blew up the Nord Stream pipeline.
is that they're just absolutely petrified
of losing the petrodollar because the
petrodollar is the only reason the US
economy isn't completely bankrupt.
Thirty eight trillion dollars of debt is
so far beyond
The pale it could not be paid back.
It can't it can't be.
The debt can't be serviced.
We can't we can't sell the the T-bills.
No one wants to buy them.
Everyone is shorting T-bills.
And so the only way that the American
president can create the illusion that the
United States isn't bankrupt
is to attack anyone that goes off the
petrodollar.
That's why we didn't take Muammar Gaddafi
and kill him because we didn't like his
jokes.
We killed him because he was replacing the
dollar as the exchange of trade in Africa
with a gold-backed currency.
And we didn't bomb Nigeria because we
don't like the Muslims that are killing
Christians there.
We bombed them because Nigeria came out
and said,
we're going to sell oil and currencies
other than dollars.
We did the same thing with Iraq.
It is what we do.
It's why we sanctioned Venezuela and then
ultimately invaded Venezuela is because
they were selling oil in currencies other
than dollars.
The only thing that keeps the illusion
going right now is Saudi Arabia.
And Saudi Arabia is playing Trump like a
fiddle.
First,
they bribed him with billions of dollars,
and then they managed to compromise him.
And between those two things,
they control him.
And now they're dangling this last vestige
of hope of the petrodollar.
such that when they say, listen,
we now have replaced Swift.
We don't need to ever trade in dollars
again.
Our largest customers are now buying in
their own currencies.
We have gold backed reserves.
We've shorted the T-bills.
We don't need you anymore.
And
what he got on his last visit by
the pretense of oh we'll play along with
you is he got a commitment like Qatar
did that if there's any fighting that the
us will defend Saudi Arabia and Qatar
Americans will die fighting to save Saudi
Arabia.
We've already done that.
That's what Desert Storm was all about.
They won't die fighting for Israel,
but they will die fighting for Saudi
Arabia.
They got that.
They got Elon Musk to advance NVIDIA,
to advance huge commitments on artificial
intelligence because Islam robs people of
intelligence, so they need that.
And they got access to nuclear technology
because we agreed to give that to them.
And they received another hundred billion
dollars worth of US weapons.
So there you go.
And who's their enemy?
Israel.
So this is what we have done and
what MBS is now scheming,
which has been obvious for a long time.
You wanted me to continue for a few
more months on the petrodollar, Donald?
Okay, this is what it's going to cost.
I want Israel.
Silver platter.
I get an Islamic state carved out of
the heart of Israel.
And it's mine.
I get to control the temple mount.
I get to administer it.
It's mine.
You can say whatever you want in terms
of promises of protection and sovereignty.
Two peoples living in harmony next to each
other.
We know it's not true.
And we know that you will do nothing.
And it'll make Israel vulnerable.
And I'll get all of the credit for
being the guy that set up Israel's demise.
That's what we're going to do.
That's the game.
That's what we're going to play.
And that's what's going to happen.
And it's going to happen likely in the
next six months.
So don't be surprised that that psychopath
right there is going to play Netanyahu,
who's an easy guy to play.
when the Muslims in Gaza,
who have a collective IQ of sub-sixty,
managed to taunt Israel into destroying
Gaza,
which was the entire purpose of Alaska
flood on October seventh.
It wasn't to invade and hold Israel.
It wasn't to conquer Israel.
It was to piss off Israel to the
extent that they would invade and destroy
Gaza and kill lots of Muslims in Gaza
because they had already set up all of
the apparatus around the world.
The Qataris had funded it such that
Even before they invaded,
they were screaming genocide and apartheid
and colonization and all sorts of untruths
such that Israel's reputation would be
destroyed around the world.
Then you show the pictures of Gaza in
ruins and little Muslims dead,
and it worked like a charm.
Israel got played.
The Gaza destruction brought the country
to the point where it only has one
supporter now worldwide,
and that supporter happens to be the
Antichrist.
Israel is now a vassal of Donald A.
Trump,
and he's going to sell his vassal to
that man right there, Mohammed bin Salman,
MBS of Saudi Arabia.
That is your future, Israel,
so I thought you'd know it.
I've been saying it now for over a
year,
and it's impossible to get Israelis to
listen.
They think that Netanyahu is a great
leader.
They think that Trump is the second coming
of Cyrus,
and he is in the sense of,
I'm King of Kings,
but that's the extent of it.
You disappeared there for a little while.
You're trying to get a Facebook page to
go on down to the next post.
Can you hear me now?
Okay.
I'm back on.
I can hear you.
We can hear you just fine.
Yeah.
I was,
I had muted myself for a second.
all right here we go oh you can
play that one that one's kind of uh
nice my wife produced this a couple of
days ago this happens to be dote uh
to introduce him you see that leo went
at the uh the top that's uh that's
my lovely uh wife she does all of
these uh videos uh this handsome fellow in
this video he is the king of kings
this is the real McCoy his name is
dote David according to Yahowah and he
ought to know since he is god uh
that is his son
It is that he is the Messiah.
He is the former and returning king.
He is the man who actually had the
courage and the character to fulfill
Pesach, Matzah,
and Mekutim in thirty-three CE.
He volunteered in his second of three
lives to be crucified.
So this idea that Jesus was crucified is
total nonsense.
It's nothing but a crude counterfeit of
this man.
This is the man who was crucified in
thirty-three CE to fulfill Passover.
He then,
his nephesh soul went into Sheowl to carry
our guilt away on Matzah.
So this man went into hell for us.
This man allowed Rome to crucify him to
fulfill Passover.
This is the man that opened the door
to life and to heaven so that we
could be part of God's family.
This is the greatest man in the history
of the world.
His name is Dowd.
presented as David.
His name actually means beloved.
And according to God, Yahowah,
who writes extensively of him,
God says that he is the Messiah,
that he is the son of God,
that he is the chosen one,
that he is the exemplar of the covenant,
and he is the one who made the
benefits of the covenant possible,
that he is that sacrificial lamb.
So you can go ahead and play this.
It's an extraordinary piece.
All right.
Thank you.
Now,
the reason the reason you have to get
the feedback, Mike,
the reason that it says Kabowd at the
beginning is a little bit of an inside
joke.
Do you know what the inside joke is
there, Kevin?
Oh, I do.
I was there for that.
Yeah.
Second Samuel six.
Two Samuel six.
The issue was.
Yeah.
Mikkel, who was Dowd's wife,
a first wife from Sheowl, Sha'uwl, King Saul.
was having a conniption fit.
She thought she was better than everybody
else.
She thought that Dowd was beneath her
status.
She was royalty.
And she thought that Dowd was making
claims that he couldn't fulfill,
that when he claimed to be the son
of God,
when he claimed to be the Messiah,
when he claimed to be Israel's savior,
and all of these kinds of things,
and that he would come back and be
the king of the universe,
with Yahowah.
In fact, Yahowah calls him Elyown,
which means, oh my God.
Yahowah has a very high estimation of Dowd.
She trashed him.
And and she trashed him at a point
where Dowd was celebrating.
This man was celebrating a man named Obed
Edom,
who is this person that the prophet
Yashayah speaks of the sixty third
chapters,
the man from Edom that's going to save
many.
Well,
Obed Edom was bringing the Ark of the
Covenant into Jerusalem on Yahowah's
instructions at Bethlehem.
because God had arranged it for Dowd.
All Dowd had to do now was celebrate.
So he knew that it was his job
and it will be his job when he
returns on Yom Kippur.
I'm in a twenty thirty three year,
six thousand year.
That's October second, six twenty two p.m.
at sunset is when he's returning,
returning with Yahowah.
He
He knew that it would be his
responsibility at that point to anoint the
Ark of the Covenant,
the mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant with the bull's blood and with
the blood of the goat.
And so he put on, for this occasion,
the medallion,
the ephod of the high priest.
But he didn't wear anything else.
Right.
And so he was dancing and having a
great time.
And so his wife said, oh,
you've completely embarrassed yourself.
You know, you think you're Kabowd .
You think you're something special.
But all you did was embarrass yourself,
even in front of your concubines.
And so...
don't have the retort of all times well
well speaking of those concubines we'll
see if they think I’m Kabowd  here in
a moment Kabowd  means uh heavy a
significant uh big uh so it was one
of the great comebacks of all time it's
it's right there in second Samuel six if
you want to read it uh and
The reason he was naked from the waist
down wasn't to show off or anything.
It's because once he anoints that mercy
seat of the Ark of the Covenant upon
his return on Yom Kippur,
we head back to Eden on Sukah five
days later.
And we have this opportunity to live in
the earth restored to the conditions
experienced in Eden because God's going to
restore the entire earth once he gets rid
of the religious and political
malcontents.
And what was the dress code in Eden?
Just a smile.
No dress code.
Yeah.
Wearing a smile, man.
Exposed.
So anyway, that's the story.
And that's why he is presented there as
Kabowd.
My wife is very good on inside jokes.
But you're going to know the story.
So I thought I would explain it.
but that guy is the, uh,
is the greatest man who ever lived.
The reason that the moon is a full
moon behind him is that if you look
in, uh,
in the first chapter of Bobby Sheets,
Genesis,
and God's telling the creation account,
there was nothing created on the fourth
day.
There are two luminaries, um,
a greater and lesser luminary, uh,
the,
with the lesser luminary reflecting the
greater luminaries light during this time
of darkness,
and that they both serve as signs of
the Mowedym,
which are the seven annual meetings to,
uh, to meet with Yahowah, Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym,
which this man fulfilled in thirty-three
C.E., Shavuot and Taruwah,
which this man here, uh, uh, fulfills, uh,
and, uh,
Coming up in this next year and then
in twenty thirty three and then we we
both contribute to Yom Kippur and Sukah
in twenty thirty three.
And so that is why you see the
moon behind the king who is returning with
his seat of honor as brilliant as the
sun and God's presence from heaven.
Yahowah's point of view yeah well I don't
know so if you know you you want
to believe that your Jesus is the messiah
and the king of kings and the uh
savior and your lord and all those kind
of you can believe whatever you want to
about him but god made it very clear
that that's not true and so if your
choice is you can believe Paul who lied
to you or you can believe Yahowah who
told you the truth and the truth is
that's the messiah
He is the son of God.
He is our savior.
And he is the returning king.
And his name means beloved.
And it is Dowd.
Yeah.
And the moon's got his back in that
one.
The moon's got his back.
The moon will always have his back.
And speaking of back to back.
Yeah.
I'm here to tell you,
and I'm getting a lot of flack on
Facebook for making the comparison between
these two men and equating ice to the
brown shirts of Adolf Hitler.
They are really exceedingly similar.
And equating the Fourth Reich to the Third
Reich and the dear viewers attitudes
together.
And the fact of the matter is there
weren't enough people.
in Germany in the nineteen twenties that
recognized that that man was a racist.
He was an ego-maniacal, warmongering,
sexually perverted piece of crap.
With a gift of gab.
And now and the twenty
twenties, there aren't enough people,
particularly those who are not part of the
natural opposition,
which we are not because we are not
liberals,
who recognize that that man on the left
is an ego-maniacal,
sexually perverted thug who is a warmonger
and that all he has is a gift
of gab and his gab is
far worse than Hitler's.
If you compare Hitler's speeches and
Donald Trump's speeches,
Hitler's are worse.
He's less controlled, more ego-maniacal,
and more dangerous.
So it's going to turn out much worse
over these next seven years because of the
man on the left and the fact that
not enough people made the connection with
the man on the right.
Yeah,
the power structure is completely
different as well because Germany was
rebuilding through their time period.
The United States already has this massive
war machine and economic control
throughout the world that they can do a
lot more damage.
Yeah,
the difference is that America is failing.
Yeah.
Germany was rebuilding.
America is failing.
They're both you know,
one was going like this and and the
other one's going like this.
So in the case of America,
it's it's it's total desperation.
Sure.
All of this stuff that Trump is is
doing and pushing every button in the
world.
is because America is done.
Economically, we're toast.
We started a trade war with China that
there's a zero possibility of winning.
We could not win a kinetic war with
with Russia.
Now, I understand we have some
some nifty weapons.
I guess we used a microwave weapon against
the Venezuelans and caused quite some
havoc with that.
And so the US has some nifty weapons
that seem to work really well against
third world countries.
But we lost to the Houthis.
We lost to the Taliban.
We lost to the Vietcong.
Ain't what she used to be.
So she's in rapid decline, and Trump,
his ego can't handle it,
and he thinks that he can't fail.
He says the only thing that can stop
him is his own mind,
and he is of the mindset that he
is going to achieve what Hitler failed to
achieve, world domination.
That is the story of the Antichrist,
is it not?
And Trump is going to try to achieve
it.
Oh, what a sad statement this is.
So if I get out of my car
and I get,
if I get out of my car,
I get taken to a concentration camp,
which is where they're taking all of these
people.
So if I get out of my car,
when they order me to get out of
my car,
I get taken to a concentration camp,
regardless of my citizenship.
People with passports in their wallet so
that they can prove they're U.S.
citizen.
Doesn't matter.
If I get out of my car,
I get
tied up and beaten up and taken to
a concentration camp,
regardless of my citizenship.
But if I don't get out of my
car, I get shot in the head.
Do I have that right?
Yeah.
Think about that.
I mean, that is where we are.
Now, I will tell you,
just so that we're clear,
if I witness somebody
that was so out of control.
Two people,
one trying to open my car door and
reaching inside to grab me to pull me
out of my car.
While another one pulls a gun and points
it at my head and starts saying shitty
things to me.
And I'm in a car.
Do you think I'm gonna wait and say,
oh, let's talk this through fellas.
Oh, sure.
I'll get out of the car while you're
holding a gun to my head when I
did nothing.
Are you going to gun it?
And I don't think she did.
I think she turned the wheels to miss
him.
In fact, I'm positive she did that.
But in the case of me,
you pull a gun to my head and
you're that out of control.
So that I know I cannot trust you.
And I'm in a car.
I'm going to run you over.
You need to know that that is and
that is the right answer.
virtually a hundred percent of the time.
These goons do not have the right to
go up to strangers, break into their cars,
give them orders and expect to be followed
or I shoot your brains out.
If you do not oppose that,
if you don't have the courage to stand
up against that, then you've already lost.
And Trump's reign of terror prevailed.
It's interesting the amount of policing
force that ICE would have.
In that situation,
because something like this very rarely
happens in your average patrol officer
stop.
You know, it happens.
They get ran by cars.
Shootings happen and things.
But there's no very, very seldom.
The reason it happens very seldom is
because they realize that that tactic was
stupid.
And so you can listen to any cop
talk about this issue.
And they said everything that ICE did says
that they were improperly trained and what
they did was ridiculous.
A cop will never stand in front of
the car now.
Your body is not designed to stop a
car.
Don't do that.
That's stupid.
OK,
you do not pull your gun on somebody
that is driving a car,
particularly when they haven't even pulled
forward yet.
The rules for shooting somebody in a car
would mean that you're in a position where
you've checked out the background.
There's no chance you're going to kill an
innocent person.
And if you don't stop that driver,
that driver is going to run through a
crowd.
Otherwise,
you've got no option to do this.
What they did,
there was no probable cause for that guy
to grab the car door and tell her
to get out.
There's no probable cause there.
There's no probable cause and no reason
for him to pull his gun on them
or stand at the angle that he did
for that car.
That is just flat out wrong.
And so when your belligerence and your
lack of training and you're given a gun
puts you in that position and puts her
in that position,
there's something really sick about your
country.
And then your president,
your vice president,
your head of the Department of Justice all
condemns the woman that was killed and
exonerates the man that's operated so
egregiously.
Uh,
it's one of the reasons why I've just
given up on, uh, on acts.
I just think that, uh,
Elon Musk is defending this and I'd said,
you know, you've lost your conscience.
You're out of your mind.
And I know magas are defensive of their,
uh, of their ice, but you know,
so we're all Nazi Germans.
Yeah.
Yahowah doesn't know either of these people,
so I'm okay to not worry about what
they're doing as well.
You know?
I think I wrote the other day,
it's when dumb and dumber meet and dumbest
wins.
Because I'm not putting myself in the
situation of either the cop, the ice guy,
or I'm not putting myself in the situation
of the woman.
you know,
to whatever she was doing at the time.
Yeah, we're going to differ there.
First of all,
I don't go out and deliberately agitate.
I think that the way that people are
on the left,
the way they publicly protest,
I think is not...
uh conducive to any sort of proper
solution and I don't I don't like the
whole idea of public demonstrations I
think the idea of protesting in the
streets is is asinine uh and I I
don't care what side does it right or
left or religious or political I just
think it's it's it's completely
inappropriate uh so in that regard we
would agree but I do agree
that it is essential for Americans to
protest ICE.
ICE is a horrible blight on this country.
And what they're doing is despicable.
And they are belligerent.
I have spoken out against overly
aggressive police now for over twenty
years.
And I began to speak about the
over-aggressiveness of police and the
dishonesty of police
now for twenty plus years.
And the legal system that guy helped out
there in the Virgin Islands.
Yeah, I've studied it.
I've studied it.
I know it.
I know the statistics on it.
And the fact is that judges and district
attorneys and the like lie on behalf of
the cops and collectively they cannot be
trusted.
We do not have a Justice Department in
this country in that regard.
And so
I don't like the system,
the way it has evolved.
I don't like the attitude of cops.
And I don't like the belligerence of it.
And these guys are the worst of the
worst.
These guys are so far worse than the
worst of cops.
This is a group of absolute belligerence.
And they're actually pandering to racists
and to...
Boys that are just thrilled to be able
to run around with their gun and their
badge and boss people around and shoot at
people and beat people up.
This is what they got.
And this is how they filled their ranks.
And it's abysmal.
So I despise ICE with every fiber of
my body.
And I despise Trump for imposing them on
America.
I've moved out of the country because I
couldn't stand it anymore.
I couldn't stand the stench of it anymore.
So I only oppose it because it's the
right thing to do.
You can't be a moral person of character
if you do not oppose evil.
So to that degree,
I admire somebody who will oppose it.
I think they were opposing it the wrong
way,
but they most certainly didn't deserve to
die as a result of that.
Or have the president of the United States
besmirch their reputation, which he did.
Or the closest I've ever come to actually
destroying a TV is when I heard what
Vance said.
It made me want to puke.
Eyeliner boy has a real serious problem.
Yeah.
And it's not ICE's mission either.
The U.S.
Marshal Service does exactly the same
thing.
Fugitive, apprehension.
And you don't see this crap out of
the U.S.
Marshal Service.
No.
They're a different level.
They're trained.
They do a job and they have a
job to do.
I've been served warrants to appear as a
witness and most of the time it's served
by U.S.
Marshals.
And
I go up and talk with them because
I love the discipline of their dialogue.
You know,
they've been trained on what to say and
how to say it.
They're really an interesting lot,
you know, really professional.
So I respect them for that.
But these guys, they're goons.
They're thugs, they're goons.
And Ross is among the worst of them.
It's been interesting to see, though,
whether or not he will be...
I indicted for murder.
It's a tough call for Minnesota.
You know,
when Chaffin killed George Floyd,
of course, they immediately indicted him.
And they really didn't have didn't much
have a case in the sense that he
was convicted inappropriately, I think.
I mean,
I think that George Floyd led to his
own death.
the amphetamines and the fentanyl and the
fact that he was also out with COVID
and all of those things with a counterfeit
bill and passing a counterfeit bill in the
store when he has been a cocaine addict
and cocaine seller and drug literally
distributor in his neighborhood.
badly injured a pregnant woman by pistol
whipping her.
The litany of prior arrests and
convictions, really bad man.
And he was trying to escape.
The full evidence is he was literally
trying to escape.
And when you're on these kinds of drugs,
you are aggressive.
And so Chauvin was trying to restrain him.
And I think that Chauvin becoming out of
the military went too far.
Clearly he went too far, too long,
and trying to restrain the larger man.
The penalty for that should not have been
what he received.
Now,
whether or not they're going to take Ross,
who we now have all sorts of video
evidence that shows that he committed an
act of at very least manslaughter,
but because he had a pejorative against
the woman,
calling her a bitch as he was shooting
her and then gloating over it.
That's premeditation there.
And so I think it goes from manslaughter
to murder.
And you have so much video evidence of
it that I would think it would be
a fairly easy conviction in this case.
But will Minnesota bring it with Donald
Trump being the most ferocious cannibal?
in politics that there has ever been.
And with the FBI interfering with the
Minnesota investigation,
making it more difficult for them.
I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see if they do.
But the state of Minnesota can bring
charges.
And if they bring the charges,
Trump cannot exonerate the man.
There is no means for him to do
that.
So we'll see whether he does it or
not.
This is a jurisdictional nightmare.
It is.
Frankly,
I don't think we'll ever see the trial
because we won't be here.
I don't think they can bring it to
trial fast enough.
You know what I mean?
It'll be two or three years before.
It's a jurisdictional nightmare.
The amount of evidence and social opinion
that's in it.
We run the difference between what is
legal.
Did this officer act within the law and
doing what he did?
Okay.
And what is lawful?
There's no doubt he was wrong.
He killed her.
He was wrong.
Okay.
But, um,
Bonding is ice bonded.
Does the federal government have to back
them up like they would a sheriff's,
you know, a sheriff's department?
If a sheriff does something bad,
then the case comes against the sheriff's
department,
not necessarily the sheriff's deputy.
Those types of things.
Yeah,
I think this I think this is if
you're going to
convict Chaffin in Minnesota of killing
George Floyd.
You can absolutely convict Ross of killing
Good.
The evidence is far more overwhelming that
he did this deliberately.
I mean, that was the difference.
And I don't think Chaffin was trying to
kill him.
He was just trying to restrain him.
In fact, that's pretty obvious.
uh and yet he was convicted and uh
and in this case you know didn't just
shoot once he shot three times uh and
the last two shots he was uh ninety
degrees perpendicular to the car I’m
telling you that there's no interpretation
of that it's straightforward he meant to
kill her he shot her in the face
at three times at point blank range and
the last two shots he was clearly ninety
degrees perpendicular to the car so
This is what we have.
And I don't think there's a jury in
the world that would not convict him of
this crime,
whether or not he is or not.
And what difference it makes, ultimately,
the amount of disaster that ICE is going
to cause.
and that Donald Trump is going to cause
over these next two years as this meanders
through the legal system is going to be
so egregious this won't be a hiccup on
the overall landscape of things other than
this is a marvelous opportunity to call
out ICE and say it's wrong.
It should never have been funded to this
extent.
The budget for ice weapons is larger than
the budget for most militaries around the
world.
Seventh largest, he said.
Yeah.
It's egregious.
Absolutely.
You know, and you want to say, well,
you know,
the Somalis there that were stealing
money.
OK,
so let's say there are and clearly there
are Somalis that have stole billions from
the U.S.
government through COVID fraud and
Medicare fraud and the like.
But the answer is that there are law
enforcement people in Minnesota and you
send them after those people and their
federal agents and all that sort of thing.
You do not need ICE for that.
And oh, by the way,
where they were in Minnesota,
they weren't pursuing the Somalis.
Miss Good was not Somali.
None of the people that were around that
event were Somali.
This is interesting.
Of course, you know, Trump is saying,
I'm such a great businessman and I know
I know how to to make America great
again.
Tariffs is what makes America great again.
And so I'm going to bring factory job
back to America.
you know of course there's anybody that's
gonna work in them because the people that
would work in them he's now deported uh
but uh and this current generation uh they
don't they want to be an influencer and
it's really hard to play the role of
an influencer when you're in a factory uh
and what factory jobs we have in America
now that are actually being created are
being created for robots uh not for people
so this notion that's that
That ship has sailed.
And I was a manufacturer of goods
worldwide, both in the United States,
Mexico and in China back in my late
twenties, early thirties.
I'm seventy now.
So you can tell you how long ago
that was.
And all the way back then,
I can tell you that and I had
my American facility was four hundred
fifty thousand square feet.
That's a that's a large factory.
I can tell you emphatically.
you can't do it anymore that a factory
unless you're dealing with billions and
billions of dollars and what you're doing
is virtually completely automated and
you're not using people uh you cannot
build something in the united states uh
anymore uh it we don't have the
infrastructure for it we don't have the
transportation we don't have the utilities
uh we don't have the suppliers that uh
that are necessary uh you want to get
a mold made in America it it takes
two years and it's ten times the money
for that same mold being made any place
else to manufacture your product uh the
cost of liability insurance is through the
roof uh the employment uh issues and how
much money you have to pay for them
and pay to the government to have them
and the rules about firing them when they
when they don't work.
It's just so egregious that I'm telling
you,
you can't make goods in America anymore.
So you might as well just forget that
unless, you know,
you're you're Tesla and you've got just
billions and billions and billions of
dollars and you're going to make the whole
thing automated.
And even then, look at Tesla now.
Tesla is is rapidly declining in sales and
in and in
margins and everything else that Tesla is
in free fall.
So it just can't be done.
So no.
And look what he did here.
This is annual change in employment year
by year.
And if you look at this past year,
Trump here,
Look how low that number is.
That's the lowest number.
If you go through that entire chart,
the only lower numbers that are lower than
that, like the COVID year, we, of course,
lost jobs because our government told
people they couldn't work.
And then you go back to the recession,
the Great Recession of two thousand and
eight.
And that's when you have those numbers
there.
Otherwise, it's the worst on record.
That's how bad a manager he is
economically.
He destroyed the workforce.
And he wants to claim that inflation is
under control.
No, it isn't.
Just look at your grocery receipt this
year versus last year versus the year
before.
And what you realize is all they've done
is they've changed the way that they
measure inflation.
I spoke of this briefly.
If the price of steak has doubled and
people are buying hamburger,
then they change hamburger for steak.
And they say, no.
it's actually gone down because people are
content with the hamburger.
So we'll pretend like that's the price of
steak.
If you know,
the car is doubled in price,
but we sell,
but it's not really inflation.
It's that a car has some different
features.
So the difference in price is really those
features, not, not inflation.
So we just change the rules.
Yeah, we just, yeah, we had Bluetooth.
So we just changed the rules.
So we don't correctly convey the,
the fact that,
Well,
I can tell you that I was born
in nineteen fifty five and the US dollar
has one percent of its buying power than
it did in back in nineteen fifty five.
So over these seventy years,
the dollar has lost ninety nine percent of
its value by being inflated by the
creation of of money.
That's what's happened.
And in this particular case, tariffs,
which are not a tax on the importers.
He keeps on applying a tariff on China.
I want to punish India with my tariffs.
You're not the Chinese aren't paying the
tariffs.
The Indians aren't paying the tariffs.
The tariffs are paid by Americans.
A tariff is a tax on Americans.
And so what he's doing is just driving
up the price of goods for Americans.
It's a terrible thing.
And making it, by the way,
impossible for most companies that still
do make something to be able to make
it because they can't afford to bring in
the parts.
Exactly.
OK, it's a horrible picture.
I know it's a horrible picture.
It's Nazis killing a Jew.
This is probably in the Ukraine.
And the reason that it is so, yeah,
it is in the Ukraine.
The Ukraine was far worse than Nazi
Germany.
There was no place in Europe that has
been as anti-Semitic and caustic to Jews
than Ukraine.
That's why I would never support Ukraine
under any circumstances.
Morality does not allow me to support
Ukrainians.
I know their mindset, they are.
uh we call ruthless anti-semites Nazis
well long before there were Nazis they
were Ukrainians uh and the reason I point
this out is that uh there is really
no difference no difference between what
you're looking at there and what ice will
continue to do if people don't stand up
against this it's one is going to morph
into the other so
I don't know if it's a quote or
a poem or whatever,
but when they came for the Jews,
I didn't do anything because I wasn't a
Jew.
When they came for the workers,
I didn't do anything because I could,
you know.
Yeah,
I came for the Saturday people and I
did nothing because I wasn't a Jew.
I came for the Sunday people and I
did nothing because I was not a Christian.
Then I came for me,
but then there was no one to stand
up for me.
is a little closer to the quote,
probably not exact, but...
the fact is that this is why I’m
bullish I’m aggressive I have a very keen
sense of right and wrong I I know
my material and I know how things have
progressed and hit in history and I can
see the parallels my mind worked by making
connections I see the connection between
ice and the the brown shirts and how
the brown shirts then were replaced by the
uh SS and what happened is that
with ICE,
if ICE is the domestic police force for
Donald Trump, as the brown shirts were,
which the brown shirts, by the way,
were funded by Americans.
George Herbert Walker,
George Prescott Bush of Union Bank, Ford,
a Ford Motor Company,
Watson of IBM were the guys behind funding
Hitler's personal army.
And the military finally said, you know,
These guys have too much influence.
And so the only way that Hitler could
survive a military mutiny was to allow the
SS to take out and kill the brown-shirts.
And the brown-shirts were very much like
ICE.
They were a lot of overpowering.
overfed,
out of work men that had a racist
bent.
And really the only difference at this
point is that the
ICE is anti-Hispanic,
and Germany ultimately became anti-Jewish.
But initially,
the brown shirts went after political
opponents,
and particularly those that were even more
liberal than the socialists.
So it's very much like ICE today.
Their enemy is the same.
Yeah,
it's only a matter of time when it's
not immigration status,
but your online commentary, your social,
your politics or whatever,
your ideologies,
ICE will come for you too.
Yeah, if you're not willing to capitulate.
And look at Trump.
He's the Hannibal Lecter.
of politics.
So even those who are closest to him,
you know, look at, uh, Majority Green or,
uh, Elon Musk, uh, you know,
incredibly close or his, uh, attorney,
his fixture from, uh, his first, um, term,
uh, yeah, he,
he will absolutely destroy even the person
who was the closest to him.
And so if you're a MAGA, uh,
you're dealing with Satan and Satan has no
loyalties.
Um,
So this is the Pentagon failed audits.
And now Trump pushes for a one point
five trillion military budget.
Here's the country.
It is absolutely bankrupt.
We're adding more than two trillion to the
national debt every year.
We've created a monster.
There's only two options now.
And those two options are that since the
US cannot increase the rates on the debt
or they'll be adding four trillion dollars
annually,
they can't price it at a point that
anybody was going to buy those bonds so
all they can that nobody wants to buy
them they're selling them japan is selling
them japan's uh I mean uh china is
selling them by Saudi Arabia selling them
and Europe is selling them we're all
selling them and going into gold
So they've got no more.
They got no takers for the bonds and
they have to sell three to four trillion
dollars worth of bonds just to keep the
government doors open this year.
And so the only way they can do
that is to do one of two things.
You either default and say, sorry,
we can't we can't pay our bills anymore.
So we're not going to pay the interest
on our on our bonds.
We're not going to pay the bonds off.
We're not going to redeem them.
We're broke and we're filing bankruptcy.
Countries don't like to admit that they
are bankrupt.
So what they do is what Germany did
prior to World War II.
They inflate their currency.
You just print more money.
Argentina did it.
Britain did it.
When Britain lost the reserve currency
status with the pound, they also did it.
And what happens is you take wheelbarrows
of money to the market.
People have to be paid two and three
times a day because by the end of
the day,
the money doesn't buy as much anymore.
And so you just,
you destroy the value of your currency and
you torch the dollar,
which is what is being shown here.
And so it's either you torch your currency
and you go into hyperinflation or you
declare bankruptcy.
Either way ends in a reset.
And then the reset,
your savings has no value, none.
Just a number, yeah.
Just a number goes away.
No, no value whatsoever.
So this is what we're up against.
And what Trump is trying to do is
to salvage the petrodollar through
belligerence.
If we go attack enough people,
invade enough people.
But for example,
a thing on on on Venezuela is never
going to work out.
it would cost a hundred billion dollars to
restore all of that.
And, you know, Chevron and Exxon,
they're not going back in to spend a
hundred billion dollars.
So the government said, well, okay,
we'll give you the money because the money
doesn't mean anything to us government
anymore.
It's all funny,
but we'll give you the money to do
that.
And I said, well, thanks, but,
Everybody we send in,
they're going to kill.
So how does that work?
Because you don't have any troops there.
You just did an operation and pulled out
your guy, but you didn't change anything.
But we're in control of Venezuela.
No, we're not going to do that.
That is stupid.
And it would take...
you know, ten years to do it.
And so, no, it's not possible.
It cannot be done.
And so all we did is make a
mess of things.
All we did is piss off China and
Russia and everybody in Latin America by
what we did.
The belligerence is not going to work.
Although I guess that microwave weapon is
quite the thing.
It will burn your britches and cause blood
to come out your nose and you'll be
vomiting up blood and makes your skin
light up like it's on fire.
It's a really nasty thing that we
evidently deployed there.
I haven't seen the uses of it.
I understand what microwave energy does.
And so if you could focus it,
it would definitely be a mess.
Yeah, that's what they,
the Chinese have one.
I don't know if the Russians have one
or not.
The United States has been developing it
through DARPA.
We screamed at the Chinese for it,
but every once in a while you'll see
DARPA talk about it and what it does.
I've seen it over the last ten years.
Just never been deployed previously.
It evidently was deployed here.
And it does render people unable to do
anything.
They just go into complete convulsions.
It's agonizing and
they've rendered it impossible uh we don't
do with that I just there's a series
of pictures here we can just talk about
it briefly but this was uh Facebook does
the nostalgia thing every once in a while
but they said this was you and what
you were posting a year ago so we
needed a picture for the uh for the
the blog and
There I was before the gray beard.
I look like,
that's a year ago and I look a
hundred years younger then,
but a double rainbow.
So my wife said, okay,
that'll be a picture.
We'll use that for your blog picture
because of the rainbow.
But I do look a hundred years younger
a year ago.
Just shave.
If you just shave,
you'll just look just like that.
I get the same thing all the time.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Once upon a time,
I had a yacht that was an eighty
two footer there.
That is my that's Asher,
who would love to be yachty.
And this is a national park.
That's you see it in the in the
ocean studio when we do the background
pictures.
That's Buck Island.
OK, Buck Island.
We used to take the boat out there,
you know,
when I was at them and
Fort Lauderdale,
we call that a fun size yacht because
in Fort Lauderdale, that's a small boat.
You bring it here to the Virgin Islands,
you've got an eighty two foot boat with
five staterooms and the light.
No place to dunk it.
It's the queen of the fleet.
So, you know, it was a really beautiful,
just gorgeous vessel.
We sold it about a year ago and
don't own it anymore because this is all
we do at this point.
But you can see this was something that
Asher liked very much.
And she loved to watch the turtles and
the dolphins come up to the side of
the boat.
And we put this island pad behind there
and she would lay on that and watch
them swim around.
It was kind of a fun thing to
do.
Lifetime, different lifetime ago,
a long time ago, Far Away Kingdom.
Oh, yes, here we are.
That was the first,
that's the Ocean Studio.
That's the first ever because you can see
with the little rainbow stuff and the
gremlins in the cup.
Leia was producing back then.
We were doing it on a laptop back
then.
Rich now has,
you can see over here to my right,
he's got quite the studio set up.
Very different now than it used to be
back then.
uh but uh here we took that patio
we turned it into a studio but this
was the first time and that was a
year ago that we did the first broadcast
from the uh the ocean studio I remember
the first the first broadcast you were
outside you were setting in the lounger
your arm out like this talking to the
camera and it was turning dark behind you
and everything it's like now we're out
there in a chair so we can get
a the better view behind us all the
staging has changed and everything
We might go back to the recliner one
day, you know?
I think so.
That looks a lot more comfortable than
where we are now.
And you can see that was actually a
little bit of a teleprompter there.
So we do have the teleprompter.
We've now got this very new,
we should do one of these times,
you know,
people do these shows where they talk
about what they have in their studio.
Well, we've got a lot of gear.
We could do a really amazing show on
how to vlog with all of the gear
that we have.
But the most recent is this inverter box,
which enables us to.
And in that studio,
I have a laptop that I can do
things like online.
I could see just like this.
I have a laptop that I'm looking at.
And I can project that laptop on the
teleprompter,
which requires it to be inverted.
And the same thing is true.
I can use the teleprompter to read
passages that I've translated from a
standard Word document out of a book that
I've written.
And this is just marvelous device that
does that as opposed to using teleprompter
software,
which is really glitchy and not designed
for the
the amount of material that we go through.
So it's an interesting addition to the
toolbox and we're about to establish that
also out here.
I bet Rich is having so much fun
getting that set up.
He loves that part, doesn't he?
He does.
When it works.
Yeah, he does when it works.
He's not so happy when it doesn't work.
But we do have,
I just bought our fourth teleprompter,
so we've got another teleprompter for him
to set up in that magical box.
You've done some shows where you've shown
yourself down here.
You see that bed there in the background?
That is a full-on spa,
multi-articulating massage bed there.
The actual spa room?
And that chair that's right above your
head,
that's actually a barber chair where my
wife would cut my hair and we'd give
one another massages.
And it was really a lovely place to
be romantic and spend some time together.
And now we share it with our good
friend, Rich, and a few...
tens of thousands of other people because
we use it as a vlogging studio.
So it has changed a lot,
but that brought back memories.
That's what it used to look like once
upon a time.
It's kind of pretty, that wall there is,
when we bought this house,
this was a sort of a dungeon area.
It was all below ground.
We've now cut windows into it so it
has natural light in.
And that was a concrete wall and it
was concrete floor, concrete ceiling.
We put noise attenuating,
really decorative tiles on the ceiling.
And then this wall,
so it would not look claustrophobic in
there.
I came up with the idea with my
glass guy.
Well,
you make sand glass some large panels of
glass and come up with a frame for
them.
And I'm going to put LED light strips
on the wall.
And we're going to create a law,
a wall of ever-changing lights that will
just be so dramatic and beautiful down
there.
And that's what we did.
So that's how that colorful wall came to
be.
Maura says online she sees a harp.
She likes your harp under the desk there.
Yeah, it's a lyre there.
It's David's lyre.
Or layer or whatever the proper
pronunciation on the right syllable.
This is what it used to look like
before we turned it into a studio down
there.
Oh, well, at least it's a pretty home.
We live in a beautiful place in the
U.S.
Virgin Islands overlooking the sea.
This is all just reminiscent.
Since we're doing the vlog on the vlog,
this is what I posted.
It was a beautiful morning.
That was three hundred sixty five mornings
ago.
That's the backside of the house.
And then this next one here,
that's the front side.
I just designed and built that fountain
and really a beautiful house.
a fountain that literally comes down the
wall of the house all the way and
matching the same bias pattern of marble.
Really,
really a pretty design to be able to
execute.
But that's really a pretty entrance now to
the home.
And this last one,
I think is the last one.
Pardon?
The sound of moving water is really
relaxing because you don't get that in a
pool and you don't get that in a
spa, a hot tub or anything.
Yeah,
we have it in both of our pool
in there.
That was interesting.
I created waterfalls where you get to see
the backside of water,
the backside of a waterfall.
So I created these obelisks that had the
cutaway in them so that you got to
see them from the front side and through
them.
And from one to the other was a
really interesting design element.
This is a Wookie a year ago.
He is reading, this is the,
I'm editing my final version of Coming
Home Three.
That's my news feed on the other right.
So I'm taking in some news.
Wookie's reading the book,
having a cup of coffee.
Looks like just finished a bowl of cereal.
And, you know, there we go.
That's how we started our day.
That was back in the day that this
room that I'm in right now was actually
an office.
This is where I did all my translating
and writing.
And now, well, it's...
You can see it.
It doesn't look like an office anymore.
Like you walked into a movie production
facility.
Studio three.
Well,
this is actually studio one and we have
studio two and three.
And one of these days we'll have four.
This is tragic,
but the world does not know what happened
in Syria.
But going back almost twenty years now,
The CIA wanted regime change in Syria.
And so the CIA decided that,
because they're really disgusting,
that they would arm fundamentalist Islamic
terrorist groups.
And they would use those fundamentalist
Islamic terrorist groups as proxies to go
kill anyone associated with Assad.
And Assad's crime wasn't because the CIA
doesn't care about mass murder.
You kill your own people.
They don't care about that.
The CIA only cares about one thing.
Do you buy American weapons or Russian
weapons?
If you buy Russian weapons,
you've got to go.
If you buy American weapons, you can stay.
So they decided that they were going to
take out Assad using Islamic terrorist
groups.
And the CIA has been about this for
a long time.
And then we came up with the lie
about...
Iraq not only having weapons of mass
destruction, but Iraq harboring al-Qaeda.
There was no al-Qaeda in Iraq and they
didn't have any weapons of mass
destruction.
We still went in there and destroyed the
country because of, well,
trying to control oil is what we also
do.
So when we were in Iraq,
the Shiite Muslims,
which were more than the Sunni Muslims and
were linked with Iran,
started killing American servicemen
because Saddam Hussein's military,
it folded in the first day.
And so all you had was Islamic terrorist
groups.
And so Petraeus and George Bush came up
with this great idea.
Ah, great idea.
What we'll do is we'll give weapons to
Sunni Muslims and we'll pretend that
they're going to use those weapons to go
after Al Qaeda.
But Al Qaeda is a Sunni organization,
so they wouldn't do that.
And Al Qaeda didn't exist in Iraq.
What they really wanted them to do is
they wanted the Sunni Muslim terrorist
organizations to use these American
weapons to go kill Shia Muslim terrorist
organizations who were killing Americans.
And so guess what?
The awakening program became.
ISIS.
Yeah, that's what they became.
And so the American,
the ISIS exists because of the United
States.
And then ISIS, you know,
the Yazidi women and girls and what they
did is and the men that they crucified.
It's one of the worst expressions of Islam
ever.
And it also proves the point that I
had made.
uh ten years before that time which is
when I said that uh if you were
to eliminate al-qaeda it would Islam would
just metastasize under another terrorist
name and what happened is uh al-qaeda
metastasized as the Islamic state and so
it went from bad to worse and
Al Jalani was the head there for a
while of the Islamic State.
Now he changes names for himself and for
his terrorist organization quite
routinely,
but he is the head of the Islamic
State and the United States is responsible
for that.
And the United States wanted Assad gone
because
Well,
they wanted Syria to buy American weapons.
And the fact that he's an Islamic
terrorist didn't mean anything to us.
So he's killed now the Malawi Muslims.
He's killed Christians.
And now he's hunting Kurds.
This is what you get.
And sadly,
it's not just the CIA that's involved.
You know who's the kissing cousin to the
CIA and all of these regime change
operations and working with the CIA and
regime change right now in Iran?
The Mossad.
And what they continue to get is worse.
It's just every time it turns out worse.
I mean, how well did replacing Gaddafi do?
How well did replacing the Northern
Alliance do in Afghanistan?
Look what's happened with Syria.
It's worse.
Look what happened with Iraq.
Look what happened with Somalia or the
Sudan.
Every time, it's always the same.
It's always worse.
Every regime change operation perpetrated
by the CIA and or the Mossad makes
the bad situation worse.
So that's what we're looking at here.
Hopefully we'll have an image of the
protests in Iran before long here,
and I can just tell you what's going
on there too.
But before we do, this guy,
I mean to tell you,
where did they find this guy?
Starmer.
I mean,
this is the most useless human being on
the planet.
I mean, he's worse than Macron.
And Macron is really, really worthless.
I mean,
they're in the same league as van der
Leyen.
I mean, absolute dunderheads.
So he wants to first,
he wanted to send British troops to
Ukraine to go fight Ruskies.
Yeah.
What do the Russians have now?
Two million men in their military.
I mean, it's just well-trained,
well-armed.
The British couldn't couldn't muster
twenty thousand, I don't think.
And they're they're very poorly equipped.
I don't think they have twenty functional
tanks.
I mean, it's he's got nothing.
The British Empire is completely imploded,
and there's nobody in Britain that wants
to go off and fight a Ruski,
or now he wants to put them into
Greenland to go fight Americans.
That's what he's talking about here.
He wants to put British troops in
Greenland to fight Americans so we don't
invade Greenland.
And while I agree we shouldn't be invading
Greenland,
he isn't going to stop them when...
And if he did,
think about how stupid that would be.
But the young British men have zero
interest
and fighting for this man because they
have watched their country be destroyed by
the onslaught of Muslims and the rape of
their women and the desecration of their
society.
And so, no,
they are not going to play with this
man at all, zero chance.
So it's just living in absolute denial.
Did you ever think you'd live in a
time whenever NATO members would be
talking about attacking each other openly?
You know, talking about Denmark?
I've never been.
Yeah,
I've never been a fan of NATO because
I've always looked at these kind of treaty
organizations as the catalyst for war.
It almost always works out that way.
So I'm just not a fan of them.
And in this case,
NATO is the instigator for the Ukrainian
Russian proxy war.
We said that when Russia was willing to
give up East Germany and East Berlin to
unify Germany,
the promise was that NATO wouldn't move
one inch closer to
Russia.
And I think there's been twelve additions
and they were doing most of their war
games in Ukraine.
That was going to be the thirteenth.
It was announced by George Bush twenty
years ago that we were going to add
Ukraine and we didn't give a crap.
You actually said,
I don't give a crap what the Russians
think.
And so NATO is the cause of this
war and NATO is not protecting anyone's
peace.
They are an incredibly destructive
organization.
And so I don't care that NATO blows
up.
In fact,
our job is much easier if the whole
world goes to World War III sooner rather
than later,
because people will listen to our answer,
which is our.
But here's another.
What very few people consider,
and this is true also with the proxy
war that George Bush and company started
also
Lindsey Graham was a huge proponent of
this,
but the proxy war using Ukrainians to kill
Russians.
And what these people just didn't bother
to think,
and John McCain was a good friend of
mine,
so I knew John McCain and he was
a huge advocate of this too,
is that the likelihood of you winning and
arming a proxy to go kill Russians,
Is slim and all you're trying to do
if you win you want to divide up
Russia and claim their assets Which is
immoral.
It's like what we're trying to do in
Venezuela.
That's just grossly immoral uh,
but What if you actually win if you
actually win do you think that a country
like Russia?
That has the most nuclear weapons because
oh you got us So we're just going
to lay down and you can you can
have us or do you think they're going
to fire those?
nuclear weapons So if when winning is
losing
You ought not be doing it.
The same thing is true with Israel and
and Iran.
Israel cannot control Iran.
There is no example of an Islamic country
having regime change and it turning out
peachy keen.
So by continuing to poke the Iranian
mullahs and listen, I'm.
the most outspoken person against the
Islamic rule.
Fifty-five Islamic countries,
they're the hell holes on earth.
It is disgusting what they have done.
They are the ultimate colonializers.
They are ruthless with their apartheid,
and they have been horrendous with their
genocide.
So I'm opposed to them.
And the Persian people deserve better than
Islam.
They were conquered in that first hundred
years of Islam.
They were ruthlessly conquered because
they were weak, as was the world,
because the Romans and the Persians had
been beating each other up to the point
that they were just both out of steam.
They had killed everybody they could
fight.
And so by the time that the first
Muslims came along, they were whooped.
And so they were pushovers,
and the Muslims just, well, they raped,
plundered, enslaved,
and killed upwards of two hundred million
people in a hundred years.
Anyway,
Israel is not thinking this through.
Israel cannot occupy Iran.
Israel cannot conquer Iran.
Yes, Israel can bomb Iran,
but the last bombing, as I said,
was just going to make a bad situation
worse.
That's exactly what it did six months ago.
And I was saying, everybody was saying,
oh, well, we annihilated them, man.
We entered their nuclear program.
We taught those Iranians a lesson.
Boy, aren't we great.
No.
Israel suffered badly in that conflict.
And if Trump hadn't ended it,
Israel probably would have been destroyed.
But
here's the problem that nobody wanted to
think about.
And that is that they are enriched uranium
had already been moved out of photo and,
and the other facilities, Nancy,
that they that they bombed.
And they already had enough uranium to
build,
because they had a trippian tritium
factory, they could build upwards of,
of thirty nuclear warheads.
already had all that material.
They already had all the technology to
build them.
They already had all the rockets to launch
them.
And so the US and Israel accomplished
nothing by bombing them.
And I said, within six months,
you're going to find out that you didn't
accomplish anything but make them mad.
And making them mad is a real big
problem now,
particularly after Trump went into
Venezuela that was supplying oil for China
and doing some diversion for Russia
because now they are even more dependent
on Iran.
And so there is no chance that the
U.S.
and Israel can go play bomb-bomb Iran
and not engage the Chinese and the
Russians.
This is really stupid on our part and
on Israel's part with the kind of weapons
that will be deployed because there is no
chance that Russia is going to allow
America to take Iran from it,
nor is there any chance that China is
going to allow that.
So I don't know what people are thinking
with all their belligerence,
This is certain to start World War III
if they do it again.
And the last time...
You have to leave them out.
The last time was a terrible mistake.
And this one's a mistake too.
People are just not thinking.
He's having a rough time.
I went, you know, this time of year,
I was writing posts about my admiration
for this man, because, you know,
I've been an entrepreneur.
I know how hard it is to start
a company, take them public,
which I've done several times.
I know how difficult it is that what
he's doing.
And he he was spectacular at it.
And and so I when everybody was trying
to
poke holes in him,
I was writing favorable articles about him
and what he had achieved and particularly
some of the things he'd overcome in his
life.
And then
when he decided he was going to become
part of the Trump administration and start
that Doge thing by not working through
Congress,
but pretending that he is like Trump,
CEO of the world.
I said, this is going to fail.
You have no chance of succeeding under
this basis because Congress controls the
purse strings of this nation.
vis-a-vis the Constitution.
And so the way you're going about it
has no chance of success.
And all you're doing is you're announcing
things to make people mad,
but you're not producing any indictments.
And so if you can't produce indictments,
then you shouldn't be making the
statements and the accusations.
You're just embarrassing yourself here.
And nothing that you're going to
accomplish will stand because the courts
will overturn it because the president
doesn't have the authority to do these
things.
It's Congress.
And I said, because he is an OSPI,
he suffers from Asperger's,
he is particularly susceptible to the
personality type that is Donald Trump as a
psychopath.
The psychopaths eat OSPIs for lunch.
And I said,
you're going to be spit out.
This is going to be a really horrible
experience for you.
And I, you know, tried, pretended like,
you know, if you hash-tagged him and,
and ampersand him that maybe he would
listen.
He didn't.
And he has over the last month,
he's just lost it.
His claims on what he's going to do
with SpaceX and what he's doing with Tesla
and what he's doing with Optimus,
they're not even in the realm of reality.
He is selling nothing but hype.
He's a man that has lost it all,
really.
I mean, it is humbling around him.
Optimus is more fraud than real.
Tesla is in free fall as an EV
company.
And SpaceX has nowhere to go.
Zero percent possibility that we're going
to send men to the moon to live
on the moon.
We can send them to die there,
but that'll cost a trillion dollars.
And that's all we can do.
And so Space Telescope got no place to
go.
Tesla is in free-fall and Optimus is not
the solution.
And X has become an utter swamp.
And this is the problem.
And he's become a swamp because he has
now exposing himself as an absolute
racist.
He is promoting white supremacy.
And he's just lost it.
So he's now got three countries that are
talking about banning X.
And you can't defend him.
He reminds me,
the Howard Hughes of our time, well,
my time anyway.
You're probably old enough to remember who
Howard Hughes was.
Of course, yeah.
Howard Hughes and the Spruce Goose.
He became a movie producer.
He owned TWA Airlines.
He owned the Hughes Tool Company.
He built one of the first spy ships
for the United States.
He was quite the aviator.
I'm a professional pilot,
so I respected his aviation skills.
But he, of course,
got all sorts of psychiatric issues that
ultimately brought him down.
But yeah,
Howard Hughes was quite the man with his
Hughes Tool Company,
Hughes Satellite Company.
So yeah,
he was an Elon Musk before his time.
Yeah, this is that mystery weapon.
I've read the article.
It's not well documented.
It was published probably in twenty
different periodicals.
It's the same interview of the same person
describing it.
We killed a bunch of people, so,
you know, dead men tell no tales.
But the person that came out explained
what happened and blood coming out their
nose, vomiting up blood,
being totally incapacitated,
the pain being unbelievable.
And he says, you know, I said,
I don't know what the weapon is,
but
I tell you one thing,
it is one sophisticated weapon and you
can't go up against it.
You cannot survive it.
You cannot fight under it.
So the first thing that we saw is
that all of our radar screens just went
crazy and went to white.
And the next thing is the sound that
came out of this was so piercing and
so destructive that we were completely
incapacitated.
So that is what we did.
but we don't have troops there now.
I mean, we only came there,
I think we had with,
The fifteen thousand or something was the
total number of troops that were even
positioned in the area.
And I don't know what what tiny percentage
of them are actually inbound.
But, you know,
we haven't invaded with with lots of tanks
and that sort of thing.
We don't we don't have any control over
that country other than the CIA saying to
the current socialist that is part of the
Maduro regime that you either do what we
say or we'll kill you, too.
I mean, that's about all we got.
So.
we're a billion miles from turning a bad
situation into one that is less bad.
But we had nice weapons.
Yeah,
it's interesting that there was an audible
component to it because microwave energy
tip is sub audible, of course,
but it still can vibrate the the ear
germs causing the nausea and everything.
A lot like what they said was used
against the American embassy in Cuba years
ago.
You know how to buy a microwave oven
works?
Yes.
Yeah,
it actually vibrates the the water
molecules inside the food and the
vibration of those water molecules with
friction creates heat.
And so it cooks by vibrating.
If there's no if there's no moisture,
it won't work at all.
It cooks the vibrates the moisture in the
food,
the water molecules such that they create
friction and that heat.
So in your body,
they would vibrate to those those
molecules and the vibration would make
noise.
Your microwave oven makes noise, too.
And it would be ghastly as an experience.
And that's what was explained.
All right, so this is saying that...
Yeah, here is Oscar Wilde's comment.
Some men improve the world only by leaving
it.
And so I just want to let people
know that having studied the prophets,
this man will leave this world.
You can mark your calendars.
Trump, as Satan,
makes his exit on the twenty fourth of
September.
in twenty thirty three.
And he will be at the time on
the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
He will be in a wheelchair,
but he'll have lots of vicious minions
around him.
But the only reason he's going to stay
alive is that he is literally imbued with
the very spirit of Satan.
That is Satan incarnate right there.
And
He will die on the Temple Mount.
I will be his last victim,
by the way.
Prophets are really clear,
but I'll be the last person he kills.
And I can speak about this like it's
no big deal because it really is no
big deal.
He's taking my body.
He'll kill my body.
He's going to bludgeon it.
Prophets say there'll be only one bone
that's not broken.
That's how big a bloody mess they're going
to make of me.
But it's my body.
The only part of me that matters,
only part of any of us that matters
are nephesh souls.
And my nephesh soul is protected by the
Ruach.
And so it's a no big deal.
In fact,
one of the things that was really
interesting as I was studying
Yasha'yah Isaiah of fifty seven is that it
it confirms what I have long thought to
be true,
which is that when Dowd fulfilled Pesach
and Matzah,
while it was a gruesome death for him
to suffer crucifixion,
he writes about it in the twenty second
chapter of
It's the twenty-second Psalm.
And also in the eighty-eighth of how
gruesome crucifixion is,
which he endured in his second of three
lives.
And then, of course,
his soul went into hell, into Sheowl,
to carry away our guilt.
And so you'd say, well,
why would God allow his beloved son to
do those things?
It's because God took the blows.
He enveloped Dowd's nephesh this whole
time, never left him, with his ruach.
And the ruach is the one that absorbed
all of the blows.
And so Dowd had to know, OK,
I can I'm going to do this,
but I'm trusting you to, you know,
do your part, too.
I'm going into shield and to hell,
which is the equivalent of a black hole.
You know, you better have my back, Dad.
Right.
And and so.
in describing what I'm going to endure on
Taruwah, which is this, uh, twenty-third,
twenty-fourth of September, uh,
twenty-thirty-three, uh,
in preparation of purging the religious
remnant of Yisrael of their guilt so that
Dowd can return as king on, uh,
the second of October of, uh,
of that year.
Uh, it, uh,
it makes it very clear that the spirit,
uh, takes the blows.
Uh, so, um, you're,
It's a gruesome scene to make the point,
but God takes care of his kids.
We I had always thought so.
I had always thought that
it wasn't drawn out that there's something
supernatural.
It is drawn out,
and it's gruesome because you've got to
get people's attention.
And it's going to be an unbelievable
spectacle what's going to happen.
But if you choose to work with God
and are that supportive of what he wants
achieved,
you are so unique that God's not ever
going to allow any harm to come to
you.
And so you're...
What you're doing is you're trusting God
to do what needs to be done and
provide that protection.
And he is.
This is what I mean here.
This was a post by a person who
wrote that just as was the case of
Rhodesia becoming the apartheid and racist
state of Zimbabwe, which is what happened.
I was in Rhodesia as a young man.
Loved it.
Caught malaria there, unfortunately,
but I did love it.
And it has become a horrible apartheid
state of now of...
of Zimbabwe, and I was in South Africa,
loved it, loved the people there.
And the liberals condemned the Afrikaans
of of apartheid.
And so apartheid was was eliminated from
South Africa and the blacks replaced it
with genocide against whites.
And so now what he is saying,
this is coming soon to America.
And the answer is no, it's not.
And if you're promoting that kind of
racism,
there's something seriously wrong with
you.
That is white supremacist kinds of
mentality.
That is not true.
America has many problems.
but a racial war where blacks become the
majority and kill whites,
as is the case in South Africa and
Rhodesia, no, it is not going to happen.
And for Elon Musk to say this is
true,
and this is why he is so supportive
of white supremacy now,
that it makes you want to puke.
Racism,
anybody that is going to make a judgment
of people based upon race isn't worth
knowing.
That's just my position on the whole
matter.
If your skin color is the means that
people are going to judge you,
then those people are not worth knowing.
And
this is what musk has fallen into he
is judging people based on their skin
color he is projecting uh race wars in
America and that is just not happening uh
America has a thousand problems race war
like uh south Africa and Rhodesia ain't
among them and all it does is he's
exposing his own failed character and
becoming a racist is not becoming uh when
you own a platform like x
Any thoughts on that one, sir?
There will be no race wars in the
sense of you're absolutely right.
What happened in South Africa and, and it,
you know, uh,
What I have found is that typically people
don't want to be judged by the content
of their character.
Well, they do, and it's not good.
But they say it.
That's the whole idea of social media is
you're letting people judge you based upon
the content of your character.
It's really bad.
That's the whole point.
Elon is exposing his character,
and it's lacking.
Oh, my gosh.
He is he is actually drawing up plans
for invading Greenland.
Oh, my God.
How many people live in Greenland?
Not so many that you can't pay each
of them.
One hundred thousand each.
Oh,
that fifty seven thousand is the number of
Greenlanders.
OK.
You know,
do you know why there's only fifty seven
thousand Greenlanders?
Because there's only that.
You couldn't support fifty eight thousand
is what is why that country,
for the most part,
is buried under a mile and a half
of of compacted ice.
The weather conditions there aren't even
suitable for a polar bear.
They the windstorms there are blistering.
I mean,
upwards of one hundred mile an hour winds,
temperatures that are sub human even to
survive.
It is it is the most awful place.
It's called Greenland, of course,
but it's not green.
Every place that is part of that island,
and it's the largest island on continent
in the world, it's just hostile.
I've looked at probably...
thirty minutes of video,
maybe maybe an hour's worth of video of
various places,
because I happen to like the the charming
architecture of all of the colorful houses
on the on the knolls and the ridges
and the rock lines and that sort of
thing.
It's really picturesque what they and just
how humbly really they they all live.
There's nothing ostentatious in this
country at all.
And they live very, very simple lives.
But there's not a tree in place.
I don't think there's a single tree.
I mean, nothing for them.
And ninety percent of this country,
nothing lives in ninety percent of this
country.
And the United States doesn't want it for
defensive purposes because Greenland
already gave the US the rights to enormous
tracts of land in the far north where
we have put all of our radar kinds
of early warning systems.
So they're already there.
So there's no taking over Greenland
because you need the early radar knowledge
because that's where the missiles are
gonna come in from Russia.
No, you do not need it from there.
And by the way,
you can't deal with the new Russian
missiles anyway.
And the primary weapon they're going to
use is the new Poseidon submarine launch
missile.
And you're never going to see that coming.
And it's not coming in via Greenland.
And the new hypersonic missiles are not
coming in that direction.
And you couldn't shoot them out of the
eye if you wanted to.
In fact,
you can't even recognize them on radar.
Because of the speed of these things,
they create an atmosphere around them that
radar can't even pick up.
So you aren't going to stop them by
building more there.
So he is absolutely lying about it.
The only thing that exists is there are
deposits of rare earths that are used in
military apparatus in the south where
nobody really lives.
And he wants to steal it.
That is it.
There's nothing more to it than that.
And yet if he steals it,
NATO's gone and Europe's gone.
And if you lose Europe as vassals to
the dollar after you've already lost China
and Russia and India and Brazil and most
of South America as vassals to the dollar,
you've got nothing.
You've destroyed yourself.
It's suicide.
And this is a suicidal ploy by a
man that's completely out of control.
Denmark owns, controls whatever Greenland.
I thought I read a while back that
Denmark was or had funded its social
programs out for like thirty years or
something due to the natural resources
that are in Greenland that they were
somehow
what's the word,
taking a mortgage out on them or
something, that that was what was Denmark,
funding Denmark's social programs.
Everybody talks about, you know,
socialism works so great in Denmark and
the Netherlands and up in those three
northern places, Sweden and everything.
By the way, it doesn't.
They've lost control of those countries,
not only by immigration,
but they've lost control of those
countries economically.
Their businesses are all faltering.
And you're dealing with countries the size
of large families.
So it's like running a kibbutzim in
Israel.
If they were or were they or if
they are not,
the fact of the matter is that Denmark
did acquire the Greenland, I don't know,
about a hundred years ago, I guess,
maybe two hundred years ago,
something in that range.
of time and but they have given Greenland
autonomy because the colonization doesn't
work anymore.
They have given Greenland autonomy and
Greenland has the opportunity to vote for
how much any amount of autonomy they wish
to have.
And so it's really a choice, of course,
of people.
Do you want to be part of this
belligerent piece of crap here or apart
from him?
And they live very simple lives.
They don't want to be part of it.
It's with ninety plus percent saying,
hell no,
we don't want to be part of it.
They're very simple people.
uh all basically the same uh any with
the same ethnicity they live extremely
simple lives they're mostly fishermen and
no they don't want any part of it
and uh and the reason that uh Europe
is so upset about it is that uh
this is um a
has much closer ties to Europe than it
does to the America.
And if Trump's just going to undermine a
NATO member like this and take it,
then Europe's saying that what's the
purpose of NATO?
What's the purpose of the United States?
Obviously,
it's not a matter of we can't trust
him.
We can distrust him.
Yeah,
you can't do business with somebody that's
just going to show up and take whatever
they want.
Correct.
Which is what he does.
We could trade.
You want those...
rare earths that are on Greenland buy them
we'll mine them for you well let's get
it you know a contract for that but
no we're just going to show up and
take it correct that's what we do it's
what he said with the oil in Venezuela
we're just going to take it what he
said to the people in those boats we're
just going to kill them kill a bunch
of them no problem we're just going to
kill a bunch of people but we can't
take the oil because we have no
infrastructure after he he did all of this
that no we really can't take the oil
And we really can't convict Maduro on
being part of a drug cartel because the
CIA started that drug cartel,
so that's a problem too.
Oh, well.
When you don't think things through.
Yeah, this is where I made my statement,
and I'm sure there's people that don't
like this very much,
but the fact of the matter is I
don't...
I don't take well to, uh,
to people that are out of control that
think they're a big time operator because
somebody gave them a badge and they do
something that is, uh, uh,
threatening to me.
I'm going to stand up against them.
One hundred percent of the time.
And so if I were in a situation
where,
where I had somebody trying to yank me
out of my car,
when I had done nothing wrong and I,
they want to yank me out of my
car,
which is what one of the officers was
doing,
trying to grab the door and trying to
grab and reach in there and grab her
and pull her out of her car.
and another one that pulled his pistol
before she was moving in that car and
swore at her and then fired at her
with two of the three shots through the
side window, blowing her head off.
Being in that situation,
the intelligent thing to do is rather than
die or rather than being sent to a
concentration camp and having your rights
deprived by these idiots
Intelligent thing to do is to take out
that person that's threatening to kill
you.
That is self-defense.
And in her case,
that would have been the right call.
She did not make that call.
She turned the wheels of the car to
miss him, and she died as a result.
I'm not sure there's a lot of people
out here that are going to agree with
me on that, but that's my response.
I'm not going to put up with that
shit.
By the way,
I have an exceedingly well-equipped
protection agency.
you can't see any of them but I
am telling you that if you want to
come and improve your point you're a
Muslim you don't like what I’m going to
say next uh you're a MAGA and you
don't like my defiance of of ice and
you trying to deprive people of their uh
their liberty come at me and see how
it works out well for you I have
uh upwards of ten thousand death threats
for having written prophet of doom and now
goddamn religion and I never duck for uh
for cover uh
If you want to know my protection plan,
you can read the Ninety-First Psalm.
It's all outlined for you right there.
So I'm impervious.
This is reprehensible.
This is what goes on in Islam.
It's gone on in Islam for fourteen
centuries.
And pedophilia is not right anywhere at
any time.
It's one of the reasons I despise Donald
Trump.
Pedophilia is flat out wrong.
You know only one percent of the Epstein
files have been released.
by the way, speaking of pedophilia.
In Muhammad's case,
he set the precedent for this.
This is why Islam is so rotten.
If Muhammad was born in the year of
the elephant,
which is one of the Quran surahs,
which about...
crazy thing,
but it was based on a historical event
with Allah claiming credit for defeating a
foe.
In fact,
there's a whole bunch of stories in the
Qur'an that actually explain what happened
in Arabia,
why he had access to the Hanif poetry,
this man named Tuba,
and he was a
came and he conquered what was Yathrib.
But he came in with a few elephants.
This story is the year of the elephants
and it's to symbolize Muhammad's birth.
If that is the truth,
Then Muhammad was sixty six years old when
he first crawled into bed to have sex
with a girl who was six.
Asia was six at the time.
And it was his best friend's daughter.
The only really follower that he had,
Abu Bakr and Abu Bakr gave Muhammad
She was out playing with her toys,
the story says,
and they brought her in crying,
cleaned her up, put her on a bed,
closed the door with Muhammad in there
with her.
He was sixty-six years old.
She was six.
And the Quran condones it.
It's the only thing I think they should
bring back public hangings for.
Pedophilia.
I think there's actually one thing worse
than pedophilia.
It's a variation of pedophilia, incest.
Incest, sure.
I think that incest,
when it's a father and a daughter or
a mother and a son,
I think that familial pedophilia is even
worse than random pedophilia.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
The structure of trust.
I mean,
the Roman Catholic Church is guilty of
this.
And we're dealing with hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of victims of the
Roman Catholic Church.
But Islam is the worst ever in terms
of pedophilia.
And so it's just an astonishing thing that
you have progressive liberals rallying
with Muslims for the genocide of Israel
when Islam is the most repressive religion
ever conceived in terms of its abuse of
children and of women.
If you're willing to cut...
children's genitalia and pump them full of
drugs,
I'm pretty sure that pedophilia isn't a
problem for you.
You know, isn't it a deal breaker?
Muslim girls have their genitalia
disfigured, cut,
so that they can feel no pleasure in
sex and so that they can be sold
for a higher price as virgins because in
Islam there is no love.
It's control.
And they don't give a crap that the
woman feels no pleasure.
As a loving man,
you cannot have a favorable sexual
experience if the woman feels no pleasure.
If it isn't mutually pleasurable,
it isn't individually pleasurable if you
are a decent human being.
And yet in Islam,
it's perpetual virgins in paradise and
it's women with...
with clinectomies such that it's strictly
about control and conquest.
In fact,
if it wasn't for Muhammad coming up with
the idea of he could lure men to
fight for him by promising them absolute
control over women.
You can beat them, you can rape them,
you can do anything you want to to
them.
They have no rights.
That is what motivated men to fight jihad
and be terrorists for Muhammad.
And it's as pervasive in the religion.
It's endorsed by Allah.
If you don't think what I'm telling you
is the truth, then go prove me wrong.
Go read the five volumes of Goddamn
Religion and write me a letter of apology
once you're through,
because that is the truth.
Well,
I have some of the surahs cut for
some of our Islam videos.
So, yeah,
I'm not going to try to prove you
wrong.
Yeah, it's overwhelming.
I mean,
I could produce five hundred Quranic and
Hadith verses on sexual perversity
associated with Muhammad and the first
Muslims,
and I could produce several thousand
lethal citations from the Quran and Hadith
about how deadly Islam was during
Muhammad's time with the first Muslims.
this was in Iraq this wasn't um yeah
it doesn't matter where it is you know
and and Pakistan and Afghanistan is
bachiba they do it to little boys and
uh and other places it's uh with little
girls it's uh and Saudi Arabia slaves uh
they uh they bring in women under false
pre pretenses uh all the way up the
uh the line all the way up to
MBS
and under model contracts,
they take their passports.
The women hate them, the Islamic women,
so they beat them, they torture them,
and the men just have sex with them,
and they're left in dungeons until they
give up and they kill them.
Yeah, this is just another,
how could you be this stupid?
You create the Islamic State,
and then you bomb the Islamic State.
I mean,
which is the full employment act for the
U.S.
military.
We're going to create the enemy,
and then we're going to go kill the
enemy.
We create it.
And Americans say, yeah, yeah,
I'm patriotic.
Go military.
Love the military.
Now,
this is another one that just really
bothers me.
Now, he has not been eliminated.
You can't believe a lot of what's posted.
His elimination wouldn't do squat.
It's just like killing Osama bin Laden,
it didn't set back Islamic terrorism one
iota, did it?
Killing Muammar Gaddafi,
killing Saddam Hussein,
typically counterproductive Assad leaving
that country.
No,
it just doesn't change the nature of the
religion.
I've made probably the biggest inroads in
Iran, and that Prophet of Nome,
my first book on Islam,
had higher per capita readership in Iran
than any other place on earth.
And over that ten-year period that it had
such high readership there,
it's now goddamn religion-free at
YadaYah.com.
that during that time,
the percentage of Iranians who referred to
themselves as Sunni Muslims went from in
the eighty percentile down to about
thirty.
And so Shia Muslims declined rapidly.
And I received more emails from Iranians
than any place on earth pursuant to the
help that Prophet of Doom provided in
demonstrating that Islam was rotten to the
core and that Allah was not a god,
Muhammad was not a prophet.
and that women are grossly mistreated in
the religion.
So I've had a huge positive influence on
on helping Persians return to being
Persians again and not Muslims.
But I also am a student of world
history and particularly of the CIA's
malfeasance.
And regime change does not work in the
Islamic world.
It never has.
So what are the likelihood that if those
young men and women who are rioting and
revolting in the streets are going to form
a positive, free enterprise-oriented,
freedom of speech basis for democracy.
It's about nil.
Well, they can't.
Yeah, they're not forming anything.
They're fighting against something.
They're not fighting for something.
We don't know what we want.
We don't know where we're going.
We just know we don't like this.
And that never works.
No.
And this particular one is different than
the previous ones.
The previous two were over the hijab women
saying we want some rights.
And both of those, they said, oh,
this is going to be it for the
regime.
And of course,
the regime survived both of those two.
And then this one is actually over
socialism.
These morons have destroyed the country.
They nationalized all businesses.
They couldn't run them.
They destroyed all free enterprise and
they just destroyed the country
economically.
And so this is over the collapse of
the currency and the demise of the
country.
economically they can't even on a water
system there's no water in Tehran anymore
no water they can't keep the lights on
so uh they're dunderheads uh running
business and one of the things you learn
in business that the only chance you have
of a business succeeding or economy
succeeding is
is you have to have people that have
greed, motivation,
selfish motivations for themselves and
their families working to better their
lives and the lives of their family.
Without that, there is no progress.
There is no motivation for anybody to show
up.
And what you get is a stagnant society
where everybody becomes impoverished and
everybody loses freedoms because those
kind of people have to be controlled
because they're otherwise miserable just
as they are.
here in Iran,
and that the larger an institution,
the less efficient it is.
Socialist communist governments are
concentrations of power and they become
exceedingly inefficient.
So that's what happened with Iran
economically, of course.
Religiously,
Islam is a religion that will not tolerate
freedom.
The Quran is very clear.
There's no freedom for Muslims.
The religion name is submission.
So Allah calls all Muslims his slaves.
So there is no freedom in this religion.
There can never be an Islamic democracy.
And so what are they going to?
That is the million-dollar question.
And if you think they're going back to
a monarchy and they're going to bring a
king back,
these young people aren't going to do
that.
And so what are they moving to?
I'd love for them to overthrow the regime,
but I've seen people overthrow regimes,
and we ended up with Libya,
where the main commodity now in Libya is
sex slaves.
And the main commodity now in Syria is
jihadi war against minorities.
No, it doesn't work.
It's a horrible mess.
I think I wrote on a post about
this.
If they wait long enough,
the Persians in Iran will have their king
come back, the real Lion King.
The real Lion King.
Well, it won't be their king,
and most of them won't be here,
but the Lion King is coming back,
and the lion is the Lion of Judah,
and the king that is returning is David,
who we spoke of in the beginning of
this program.
So, yeah, it's going to happen.
It's just that they're not going to be
around.
They won't be around, yeah.
No,
and you just got to think it through.
All those riots that were taking place
when you had millions of people in the
street in Turkey, and I said, you know,
I don't think this is going to happen,
and it didn't happen.
Yeah,
we can leave it on Winston Churchill
there.
You have enemies good.
That means you've stood up for something
and or someone sometime in your life.
You know,
when you you have formed strong
conclusions because you've done the
research,
you know what's right and wrong and you're
not afraid to say it.
You'll stand up for what is right.
You'll stand up against what is wrong.
You're going to have lots of enemies and
walk a day in my shoes and you'll
see just how many enemies a person gets.
In fact,
you want to be hated by everybody.
Speak for God.
Actually speak for Yahowah and see how many
people hate you that will call you Satan
when you are speaking for Yahowah.
Because you're speaking for Yahowah,
that first guy is his son, not Jesus.
You're speaking for Yahowah,
Allah is not a God.
there is no value.
In fact,
rabbinic Judaism is completely
counterproductive.
You're speaking for God, socialism,
Marxism is a failed solution.
If you're speaking for God,
you're going to despise the Magus.
So you want to have enemies?
Speak for Yahowah.
That's the fastest way to develop enemies.
That's why Yahowah constantly says,
if you're going to speak for me,
you need to be Shezak.
You need to be tough as nails.
And he wants people that are fierce.
He wants people to do this,
to stand up for something.
God's constantly, I want you to stand up.
I want you up on your feet.
I want you to stand up against the
crowd.
I want you to be set apart,
which means I don't want you to be
common.
I don't want you to be religious.
I don't want you to be political.
Stand apart from those things,
stand opposed to those things and be tough
in your stance against those things.
And so this is the answer.
Now,
you don't have to be a chain-smoking
alcoholic to get
get to that point but nonetheless I guess
he didn't drown all of his neurons uh
and uh and Scott oh you're talking about
Winston Churchill yeah Winston Churchill
yeah uh yeah Winston Churchill and that
may not be Winston Churchill maybe
somebody else that made that quote but
that sounds like a Winston Churchill quote
he kind of that picture looks like a
one it looks like Churchill yeah but it
could be uh could be somebody else but
uh yeah Winston Churchill was quite the uh
quite the character
He actually had his doctor write him a
note when he came to visit the United
States during Prohibition that he,
for medicinal purposes,
he had to have a certain amount of
alcohol every day and particularly with
meals.
And so that was really interesting.
So, yeah,
this may be another man and I have
misappropriated the quote,
but nonetheless,
it is a it is sound and he
sure looks the part.
Yeah, it looks just like him.
Yeah, and anyway,
we can play our Wookie as an outro
at this point because we missed him coming
in.
I love the Wook.
We pay him the big bucks to do
this kind of work.
And so we're kind of hoping that he
can earn his keep.
Hey, kid, you got it right.
This is Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Catch it with us now.
That is our beloved Wookie.
He was up here for the show most
of the time.
I think you might have been able to
see him wag his tail.
And I think he went after Orange Man
one time.
He was starting to growl there at Orange
Man.
I saw that, yeah.
Yeah, I give him credit for that.
He has good judgment, that kid.
So I think we've done our two hours
and fifteen minutes.
That's probably good enough for this
program.
Love doing the blog on the blog.
What a mess the world is.
There's so much to talk about.
I'm sure we could do this for ten
hours a day, seven days a week.
There's that much to talk about.
We need to bring back the recliner chair,
though.
Yeah, we do.
We're going to do it for ten hours.
Yeah,
I want to be back in my recliner
chair and do it.
Thank you, Kevin.
Have a great rest of your day.
Pleasure to be able to do this with
you.
Thanks so much.